Update README (#343)
opea-project/GenAIInfra: helm-charts/README.md

find . -name '*values.yaml' -type f -exec sed -i "s#repository: opea/*#repository: ${OPEA_IMAGE_REPO}opea/#g" {} \;
```

## Helm Charts repository (Experimental)

https://opea-project.github.io/GenAIInfra

## Generate manifests from Helm Charts

Some users may want to use kubernetes manifests(yaml files) for workload deployment, we do not maintain manifests itself, and will generate them using `helm template`.  
See update_genaiexamples.sh for how the manifests are generated for supported GenAIExamples.  
See update_manifests.sh for how the manifests are generated for supported GenAIComps.  

> Please note that the above scripts has hardcoded settings to reduce user configuration effort, not supposed to be directly used by users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the above scripts have hardcoded settings to reduce user configuration effort. They are not supposed to be directly used by users.
```
